RUM doc 2.0 (#6227)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/explorer/search.md

### Autocomplete

Use the search bar's autocomplete feature to complete your query using existing values:

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/explorer/search/search_bar_autocomplete.png" alt="search bar autocomplete " responsive="true" style="width:60%;">}}

## Facets search

To search on a specific attribute, first [add it as a facet][1] and then add `@` to specify you are searching on a facet.

For instance, if your facet name is **url** and you want to filter on the **url** value *www.datadoghq.com*, enter:

`@url:www.datadoghq.com`

### Escaping of special characters

Searching on a facet value that contains special characters requires escaping or double quotes. The following characters are considered special: `?`, `>`, `<`, `:`, `=`,`"`, `~`, `/`, and `\` require escaping with the `\` character.

The same logic is applied to spaces within views facet names. Views facets should not contain spaces, but if they do, spaces must be escaped. If a facet is named `user.first name`, perform a facet search by escaping the space: `@user.first\ name:myvalue`.

### Wildcards

> To perform a multi-character wildcard search, use the `*` symbol. For instance, `@http.url:https:\/\/*` matches every views that has an url starting with `https://`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform a multi-character wildcard search, use the `*` symbol. For instance, `@http.url:https:\/\/*` matches every view that has a URL starting with `https://`.
```
